I'd like to see how you act
I'm not a supermodel.
I'm a single mom to a four-year-old.
An ordinary person in the workplace
My body is not perfect
But I know I am beautiful today
Because that's what the best design is.
Not perfect for the sake of perfection
It's about making ordinary perfect. Well said
You unlost trash
I let you get rid of the discrepancy
You can do it
Instead, let him rush into the limelight
I underestimated this woman before
But next time
Definitely not so lucky
Miss Lin, introduce yourself
I'm Wei Ming from Satellite TV Group.
I don't know if we can have a meal together tomorrow
Ah!
Is the talent shortage in my satellite TV group so serious?
Mr. Wei actually wants to be a headhunter himself
Thank you, President Wei
But I have no plans to change jobs just yet.
Miss Lin misunderstood
It has nothing to do with work
I want to ask you out personally
My mom is free all day
Uncle's little cakes are especially delicious
Why don't you eat and talk?
Ah me me
What's wrong with this Lin Yoyo?
Yesterday you called me dad
I'll be a thief today
And this
I didn't say it every day before
Don't consider getting married before the age of 30
Why are you thinking about chasing women now that you are only 29?
Mr. Hu, are you jealous?
Joke me how could it be
I also think that even if you like me, you are not qualified.
The DNA thing is figured out
No results tomorrow night
You don't have to work anymore